
About US page

  ABOUT US
  GNR Solution Pvt Ltd established in April, 2000 is a fast growing Pune - (India) based IT company committed to providing Information Technology and Data Communication solutions to the businesses.

  We at GNR Solution Pvt Ltd believe that the access to the right and the latest data at all the times is part of doing business successfully.
  In the area of Internet, geography and time differences have less and less to do with growth of business.

  GNR Solution Pvt Ltd an information technology services Provider Company. Our primary emphasis is offering our services for the installation, servicing and support of computer Hardware, Software networks, network servers and workstations. After installation or in AMC, we provide professional support both onsite and remotely. For networks and computers under a service contract, we proactively monitor the network to identify and resolve potential issues before they become problems. Our goal is for 100% customer satisfaction with our services and support.



  OUR VISION
  Our vision is to create powerful Web-based and Desktop solutions by giving a technological edge through this new communication channel that are revolutionizing the way companies do business to achieve success. We strive to achieve this by focusing individually on each project and build a healthy relationship with our Customers. Our services including sales of assembled and branded computer, Network Cabling, Server Room Setup, Wi-Fi Installation, Firewall Installation, Data Security Solutions, E-mailing Solutions, Network Infrastructure Design and Maintenance, Computer Hardware Maintenance, Anti-Virus Solutions, Data-Recovery & CCTV Security Solutions. We also Provide Computers, Laptops, Printers on rental basis.

  MISSION
  To deliver comprehensive and innovative information technology solutions and services that address the modern business needs of our clients, while optimizing their investment in information technology.


Services Page
  SERVICES
  GNR Solution Pvt Ltd provides a range of solutions including, Server setup, Networking Cabling, WI-FI installation, Firewall installation, Data Security Solutions, Emailing and Education to name a few. We provide complete solution of Computer and Networking on the basis of Annual Maintenance Contract (AMC). We have the experienced and certified engineers for our field work and service centers. Our all support engineers are well certified like MCSE, MCSA, CCNA and RHCE. Utilize GNR Professional Services to achieve maximum success in automating and managing your IT infrastructure and service delivery.

  Support services are available at very low cost and in case of major breakdown; we provide standby solutions as well.

  Technical support is offered during office hours, at your place within short time
  Online support is offered during office hours, at your place through phone/internet
  We offer solutions to your hardware problems, at your place, to reduce your machine down time
  During major breakdowns, we provide standby parts if it is to be repaired through us/to be replaced through us
  Comprehensive AMC, Non-Comprehensive AMC and Resident Engineer
  We also provide Computers and Laptops on Rental Basis
  We offers e-waste collection and recycling services to IT industries, government, educational and medical institutions.

  COMPUTER & NETWORK AMC
  We Provide Complete solution of Computer and Networking Annual contract basis. We have the well experienced and certified engineer for our field work and services center. Our all support engineer are certified ie MCSE, MCSA, CCNA, and RHCE.

  NETWORKING SERVICES
  GNR Solution Pvt Ltd collaborates with customers seeking solutions to remain competitive in a technology driven environment. By creating and maintaining a reliable, scalable and flexible network infrastructure, GNR Solution Pvt Ltd gives its customers the opportunity to not only keeps current business operations running efficiently.

Clients

  At GNR we know that the primary objectives of every IT professional are centered on efficiency, security, availability and aligning the IT objectives with the overall business strategies. We also know that as budgets decrease, demands increase. And having the right IT systems strategy in place can make the difference in meeting these challenges head on.

  With flexible pricing, optional delivery methods, maximum functionality, timely delivery and the scalability to grow your business makes us unique. Our clients includes of all sizes.

  Small Offices
  Pharmaceutical Companies
  Corporate IT Departments
  IT Service Providers
  Healthcare
  Education Sectors
  Government Sectors
  Manufacturers
  Automobile Sectors
  Engineering Industries
  Infrastructure Companies
  Hospitals etc..


Sales

  Show Different items like desktop, lap, printer etc......

Training

  DIPLOMA IN COMPUTER HARDWARE & NETWORKING
  (Duration 3 Months)
  We also provide the following courses :

  Computer Hardware & Networking
  Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)
  Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
  Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE)
  Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)


  EXTRA KNOWLEDGE
  Knowledge about the Outlook Express and MS Outlook
  Troubleshooting knowledge about the Outlook express and Ms Outlook Problem
  Corporate Training

  TRAINING FACILITIES
  The Institute provides special training which is aimed at providing practical knowledge.
  On job Training
  Company visit

Contact
  CONTACT
  Thank you for your interest in GNR Solution Pvt Ltd. Please contact us if we can assist you or if you have comments, questions or feedback.

  Pune Office

  307, Gera Junction, Lulla nagar,
  Pune- 411040

  Ph. No.+91 20 26835108
  Mobile: +91 98223 34823 / +91 98231 22309 Bhilwara Office

  B - 6, Opposite New Cloth Market,
  Pur Road, Bhilwara 311001 (Rajasthan)

  Mobile:+91 98285 47587


  Gurgaon Office

  Mobile:+91 98223 34823